[Music]
if you're asked to design a church or a
temple your first thought probably
wouldn't be to carve one directly into
the ground and make it out of a single
block of rock
the amount of labor required to perform
such a task would be prohibitive in the
extreme nevertheless someone did
precisely that in la la bella in
ethiopia a very long time ago
you won't find any other churches
anywhere else in the world that look
like these raccoon works of beauty
the most famous and impressive of them
is the church of saint george which
archaeologists believe was carved from
the inside out and finished with a
distinctive cross shape at the top there
are 11 raccoon churches in total in la
libella
all of which are connected by secret
tunnels and appear to have been built
between the 12th and 13th centuries
quite how people living hundreds of
years ago managed to create structures
like this working in almost total
darkness is unknown it stands to reason
that they had some form of technology to
help them but we have no idea what that
technology might have been
subscribe for more videos like this and
turn on the notification to help the
channel out
thanks for watching